This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4911

DESCRIPTION
The built-in i_CTRL-X_CTRL-L line completion allows to quickly grab entire
lines, but you have to know and type the first characters as a completion
base. That's bad if the start is difficult to type (e.g. because of comment
prefixes) or the key differentiating word only comes late in the line. On the
other hand, any indent is ignored, so you cannot reduce the number of matches
even if you know that the indent of the desired line is the same as the
current one.

This plugin offers an alternative full-line completion that considers any
existing indent, and lifts the restriction that matches must _start_ with the
completion base. Instead, the WORDs of the base can appear anywhere in the
line, with fallbacks allowing other WORDs in between or even the WORDs
appearing anywhere inside the line.

SEE ALSO
- Check out the CompleteHelper.vim plugin page (vimscript #3914) for a full
  list of insert mode completions powered by it.

USAGE
In insert mode, invoke the line completion via CTRL-X l
You can then search forward and backward via CTRL-N / CTRL-P, as usual.

CTRL-X l                Find matches for whole lines that have the same indent
                        as the current line (only if any exists!) and match
                        the text before the cursor (not necessarily at the
                        start), falling back to a match of all WORDs before
                        the cursor (possibly with other text in between each,
                        but still in the given order), first as
                        space-separated WORDs, finally accepting matches
                        anywhere.

                        In contrast, the built-in i_CTRL-X_CTRL-L always
                        ignores the indent. This completion is stricter if
                        indent is given (it must match exactly), but otherwise
                        much more loose, because the completion base need not
                        specify the start of the line.
                        If you don't want the indent restriction, use
                        i_CTRL-U before typing the completion base to clear
                        any indent.

                        Further use of CTRL-X l will copy the line after the
                        one that has been completed.
